210. **assignment**
     - n. task or duty that is assigned to sb.
     - You should hand your assignments in on time and turn up for all the tutorials.
211. **assist**
     - v. (in / with sth. ) help
     - The number of young people who work, and therefore assist in the creation of wealth, are fewer in number than the older, retired generation.
212. **associate**
     - v. join (people or things ) together; connect (ideas, etc.) in one's mind
     - The 9 to 5 working day has traditionally been associated with office work.
213. **association**
     - n. group of people joined together for a common purpose; organization
     - n. mental connection between ideas
     - Association is very powerful yet little understood psychological phenomenon.
214. **breed**
     - n. a type of animal that is kept as a pet or on a farm
     - Sharks vary in weight with size and breed.
     - v. (of animals ) to have sex and produce young.
     - Ted Hunter is here to tell us about the possibilities of breeding and rearing ostrich here in this country.
215. **brief**
     - adj. continuing for a short time
     - adj. using very few words or including few details.
     - I'm going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum.
216. **convenient**
     - adj. fitting in well with people's needs or plans; giving no trouble or difficulty; suitable
     - Cars easily surpass trains or buses as a flexible and convenient mode of personal transport.
217. **convention**
     - n. a large formal meeting for people who belong to the same profession or organization or who have the same interests.
     - general, usu. unspoken, agreement about how people should act or behave in certain circumstances
     - The handshake is a social convention.
218. **converse**
     - n. the opposite
     - He says she is satisfied, but I believe the converse to be true: she is very dissatisfied.
219. **convert**
     - v. to change (sth. ) from one form or use to another
     - The original house was converted into a residential college for the university.
220. **diverse**
     - adj. very different from each other and of various kinds
     - If properly applied, the new knowledge generated by the project may free humanity from the terrible scourge of diverse diseases.
221. **divorce**
     - n. a separation; the ending of a relationship between two things.
     - n. the legal ending of a marriage.
     - The word literacy is a 19th-century coinage to describe the divorce of reading and writing from a full knowledge of literature.
222. **document**
     - n. an official paper or book that gives information about sth., or that can be used as evidence or proof of sth.
     - Copies of the relevant documents must be filed at court.
223. **domestic**
     - adj. of or inside a particular country; not foreign or international
     - domestic flights
224. **exploit**
     - v. to treat a person or situation as an opportunity to gain an advantage for yourself.
     - He exploited his father's name to get himself a job.
225. **fossil**
     - n. remains of a prehistoric animal or plant preserved by being buried in earth and now hardened like rock
     - This helps save fossil fuels, such as coal, oil and gas, which are argued to be in short supply.
226. **foster**
     - v. to help the growth or development of (sth. ); encourage or promote.
     - foster the growth of local industries
227. **found**
     - v. to start sth. such as an organization, company, school, or city, often by providing the necessary money
     - New Oriental School was founded in the year 1995.
     - v. to be the solid layer of cement, stones, etc. that a building is built on
     - The castle is founded on solid rock.
228. **foundation**
     - n. layer of bricks, concrete, etc. forming the solid base of a building underground
     - The foundations had yet to be dug, but customers queued up to buy the unusual part-submerged house.
229. **fraction**
     - n. small part, bit, amount, or proportion (of sth.)
     - The car stopped within a fraction of an inch of the wall.
230. **greedy**
     - adj. filled with greed or desire
     - greedy for power
231. **greet**
     - v. to give a conventional sign or word of welcome or pleasure when meeting sb. or receiving a guest
     - When you arrive at an airport here in Australia, you may be greeted in the baggage hall by a detector dog.
232. **hygiene**
     - n. study and practice of cleanliness as a way of maintaining good health and preventing disease
     - Wash regularly to ensure personal hygiene.
233. **hypothesis**
     - n. idea or suggestion that is based on known facts and is used as a basis for reasoning or further investigation
     - The results of our experiment confirmed this hypothesis.
234. **intersection**
     - n. ( = BrE junction) a place where roads, lines, etc. cross each other, esp. where two roads meet
     - Turn left at the intersection onto Mohawken Avenue.
235. **interview**
     - n. meeting at which sb. (e.g. sb. applying for a job) is asked questions to find out if he / she is suitable
     - It'll be so much less time-consuming than organizing interviews
     - v. to ask sb questions during an interview
236. **intimate**
     - adj. having or being a  very close and friendly relationship
     - This provides a smaller, more intimate space, which we use for ballet, modern dance and martial arts.
237. **otherwise**
     - adv. in other or different respects; apart from that
     - Every act of observation we make is a function of what we have seen or otherwise experienced in the past.
238. **outcome**
     - n. the final result of a meeting, discussion, war, etc. --- used especially when no one knows what it will be until it actually happens
     - Whatever the outcome, I hope we remain friends.
239. **paralyse**
     - v. to affect (sb.) with paralysis
     - The accident left her paralysed from the waist down.
240. **paraphrase**
     - v. to express in a shorter, clearer, or different way what sb. has said or written.
     - Let me paraphrase what he said like this.
241. **participate**
     - v. to take part or become involved (in an activity)
     - When students are weary from study and want the chance to relax, they casn participate in a number of recreational activities.
242. **particle**
     - n. very small bit or piece (of sth.)
     - particles of dust
243. **reproduce**
     - v. to cause sth. to be seen or heard again, or to occur again
     - a portrait that reproduces every detail of the sitter's face
244. **reputation**
     - n. what is generally said or believed about the abilities, qualities, etc. of sb. / sth.
     - The restaurant certainly lived up to its reputation; the food was delicious.
245. **script**
     - n. text of a play, film, broadcast, talk, etc.
     - That line isn't in the script
246. **swift**
     - adj. quick or rapid; prompt
     - a swift reply / reaction / revenge
247. **switch**
     - v. (cause sth.) to shift or change, esp. suddenly
     - switch to modern methods
     - n. a device for completing or breaking an electric circuit
248. **syllabus**
     - n. list of subjects, topics, texts, etc. included in a course of study.
     - Hamlet is on this year's English literature syllabus
249. **trunk**
     - n. main stem of a tree, from which the branches grow
     - He left his bicycle leaning against a tree trunk.
250. **trustworthy**
     - adj. worthy of trust; reliable
     - Most of our employees are pretty trustworthy.
251. **tuition**
     - n. teaching or instruction, esp. that given to individuals or small groups
     - n. the money you pay for being taught
     - Each hour consists of 50 minutes' tuition and a 10-minute break.